Story Recapped here.
Today, I'm going to explain a horror, mystery,
thriller film called "The Possession of Hannah
Grace."
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
In a church's attic, two priests perform an
exorcism on a young woman tied to the bed.
The young woman, Hannah, doesn't react to
his prayers, opting for the priest to check
on her.
Hannah's father, Grainger, is in tears, not
knowing if they could save his daughter's
life.
Suddenly, Hannah's eyes open with one bright
blue eye.
She knocks down the older priest, laughing
maniacally as her body contorts.
The younger priest douses her with holy water
while the older priest continues the exorcism.
Hannah screams painfully, alerting Grainger
to beg for her to fight the demon inside.
Her beastly growl quiets, and for a moment,
her eyes turn back to brown as she recognizes
her father.
She looks to her father mournfully but is
quickly overcome by the demon again.
One of her eyes turns back to blue, and she
breaks out laughing.
The older priest stops his prayer abruptly,
falling into the demon's control.
Hannah shrieks as she telepathically pushes
the priest into a spike on the wall.
Next, she chokes the younger priest in midair.
Grainger attempts to save the priest, but
he's powerless.
The demon speaks in a deep voice, claiming
Hannah's soul as his for eternity.
Hearing this, Grainger accepts that there
is no hope for his daughter, but he cannot
let the evil free in the world.
With a heavy heart, he takes a pillow and
smothers his own daughter until her limbs
no longer move.
As soon as Hannah's gone, the younger priest
is freed from the demon's chokehold.
Grainger grieves over his daughter, not noticing
a fly landing on her hand, making her hand
twitch.
Three months later, ex-cop Megan Reed lands
a night shift job at the Boston Metro Hospital's
morgue with the help of her friend, Lisa.
Dr. Lewis gives Megan a tour of the facility
and shows her how to take in corpses and document
information from them.
Working in a morgue at night has scared off
many employees, but Megan is not bothered
by the dead, believing that death is permanent.
Dr. Lewis welcomes Megan to the team, who's
eager to start a new chapter of her life.
On her first shift, Megan meets the security
guards Ernie and Dave before heading to the
morgue.
Her night is spent transcribing reports until
the motion-triggered lights go off.
She heads out to activate them but is startled
by the alarm, announcing that a body is about
to be delivered through the intake bay.
Despite her stoic demeanor about the job,
Megan feels uneasy as she receives the first
cadaver she has to process alone.
Following protocol, she takes images of the
body and scans the fingerprints for identification.
As she wheels in the first body into the refrigerated
drawer, Dave pops in, startling her.
Dave apologizes for scaring her, but Megan
is not interested in hearing more.
The rest of the night starts to get boring,
as there is not much to do.
Megan makes a ball out of rubber bands before
heading to the bathroom.
She accidentally triggers the hand dryer as
she exits, making her jump.
Walking back to her post, Megan spots a man
standing in the middle of the hallway.
The man disappears in front of her eyes, and
her memories flash before her eyes.
She hears a man asking, "why didn't you shoot?"
then sees her ex-partner with whitened eyes.
She snaps back into reality, heaving and shaking.
She heads for her purse, spilling pills into
her hands.
Staring down on the pills, she questions her
condition.
Her troubled past haunts her, but she refuses
to be brought down by it anymore.
Megan remembers sitting at group therapy,
recounting the turning point in her life when
she froze in front of a criminal.
The man shoots at her but instead mortally
wounds her partner.
The guilt led her to turn to pills, ending
her career and destroying her relationship
with a fellow cop, Andrew.
Andrew visits Megan the following day to get
the rest of his things from her apartment.
Here he learns about her new job at the morgue,
which worries him.
Megan, however, believes that working a night
shift will keep her busy and out of trouble.
The conversation turns into them blaming each
other for their failed relationship, which
ends with Andrew awkwardly leaving.
That evening, Megan throws her makeshift ball
at the wall to pass the time.
The alarm blares, alerting her that a body
is about to be delivered.
She heads to the intake bay, but she only
finds a hooded man who asks her to open the
door.
Knowing better, Megan refuses to let him in.
When the man becomes aggressive, Megan backs
away to the elevator and reports him to security.
Not long after, the alarm alerts her again.
This time, it's an E.M.T. named Randy delivering
a body.
Megan helps him get the body off the ambulance,
not noticing the hooded man slip in behind
them and use the elevator.
Megan learns that the body was found in an
alley with a man still slicing her before
escaping.
Megan identifies her as Hannah Grace.
Upon opening the body bag, Megan is horrified
at the corpse's condition.
According to Randy, there are traces of chloroform
in her body, and that her injuries are post-mortem.
Megan studies the body, appalled by its condition.
Randy leaves her with Hannah, promising the
newbie that the job gets easier.
After Megan returns to the receiving room,
the lights at the end of the hallway flickering
on.
Someone else is on the floor with her.
Megan takes photos of the body, but the camera
keeps failing to load the image.
When she tries for the third time, the camera
electrocutes her, forcing her to stop.
Carrying on, Megan loads Hannah's fingerprints
into the system, but it fails as well.
As Megan wheels the body inside the drawer,
the room starts to shake, causing test tubes
to fall and break on the floor.
Megan cleans up and gets scratched by the
glass, leaving a drop of blood on Hannah's
body when she secures it inside the drawer.
Megan tends to her wound but stops when the
drawer opens up behind her.
She looks inside then closes it again.
Suspicious of the events, Megan tries to log
into the police department's database, but
her account is already suspended.
Megan uses Andrew's login instead, guessing
his password as her name correctly.
This allows her to pull up Hannah's I.D. and
notices something that doesn't add up.
She heads to the morgue and opens up Hannah's
body bag, noting that her eyes are supposed
to be brown, but instead, it's vividly blue.
As she stares into Hannah's eye, a fly distracts
her.
She opens the bag further, revealing hundreds
of flies come out of Hannah's body.
But when Megan looks back, the flies are gone.
She checks inside before zipping up the bag
again and storing it inside.
Heading back to her desk, she removes her
coat and calms herself down.
The sound of the elevator alerts her.
Thinking it's Dave again, she calls him out,
but there's no response.
Megan looks into the morgue and finds Hannah's
body is missing.
The other door swings close, and she sees
the body sliding down the hallway.
Scared, Megan slowly peeks around the corner
then hurries down the hallway, only to be
attacked by the hooded man.
He pins her to the wall and threatens to cut
her throat.
But Megan fights back, forcing the knife out
of his hand before knocking him down.
After grabbing the knife, she turns to fight,
but the hooded man disappears.
Megan rushes back to her desk, alerting security
that the hooded man is inside.
She searches for the hooded man and finds
the doors down the hall shut as she turns
the corner.
Inside, she finds the hooded man ready to
put Hannah's body in the incinerator.
Megan tries to calm the man down, but Dave
enters, distracting her enough to allow the
hooded man to tackle her.
Dave and Ernie grab and handcuff him while
the hooded man pleads for them to destroy
the body.
He screams that Hannah is not dead just before
he's taken away.
Back in the morgue, Megan puts Hannah's body
away, but the drawer opens as soon as she
backs away.
Refusing to believe in the man's claims, she
opens the drawer and checks on the corpse
again.
Her phone rings, distracting her.
Megan answers Andrew's call, worried about
her after hearing that she got attacked at
her job.
While she's facing away, Hannah's body moves,
and Megan notices that it has changed position.
Megan peers into the corpse and sees it exhale.
Frightened, Megan closes up the bag and leaves.
She waves her hands to activate the lights
again, but they don't switch on until she
spots Lisa in the stairwell.
Having heard about the hooded man, Lisa offers
to let someone cover Megan's shift.
Not wanting to give up and let someone else
take over, Megan decides to stay despite Lisa's
insistence that she should rest.
Noticing Megan's uneasiness, Lisa becomes
concerned.
Megan confesses that she heard Hannah's corpse
breathe.
Lisa explains that corpses sometimes let out
air when they're moved, comforting Megan.
Feeling better about the night, Megan and
Lisa have lunch together.
Megan shares that she didn't freeze when she
saw the hooded man and was focused on defending
herself.
She questions why she couldn't do that on
the night her partner died.
Lisa encourages her that it's progress for
her healing.
Dave walks in, announcing that someone is
here to visit Megan.
The women head out, leaving Dave alone as
the drawer to Hannah's body opens again.
Megan meets with Andrew, who lets her know
that the hooded man isn't talking to them.
Seeing her stressed, Andrew is concerned,
knowing how she reacts to such pressure.
He accuses Megan of taking a bottle of Xanax
from the items that he retrieved from her
home, offending her.
Before Andrew leaves, Megan gives him Hannah's
fingerprints to get more information from
the police database.
Megan thinks that Hannah's I.D. is a fake,
given her mismatched eye color.
Back in the morgue, Dave takes Megan's rubber
ball and pretends to be a baseball player.
He hears heavy footsteps inside the morgue
and is surprised to see the same rubber ball
inside, which he was playing with in the hallway
earlier.
Dave hears movement inside one of the drawers
and hesitantly opens it.
He peers inside, but a pair of hands grab
his head from above.
Suddenly, the room shakes violently as Dave
is pushed up against the door by an invisible
force.
He floats in midair as his limbs painfully
distort.
His body is dragged against the ceiling until
he drops into an empty drawer.
The drawer shuts, and Dave's screams abruptly
stop.
The lights flicker back on as Megan walks
back inside.
Confused, Megan searches for Dave but cannot
find him.
She heads to the ladies bathroom, gazing down
the hall before entering.
Inside a bathroom stall, she sends Andrew
a text, apologizing for her behavior earlier.
She's confused when she hears the bathroom
door open, then the hand dryer blasts on.
She calls out, thinking that it's Dave.
Nervous at the heavy footsteps, she begins
to dress but stops when her rubber ball rolls
into the stall.
Scared, Megan checks under the door but finds
the room empty.
She gets up, only to be startled by a rotting
hand grabbing the ball from under her.
Megan shakes her head, thinking that she's
delirious and imagining things.
Slowly, she walks out of the stall, checking
the other stalls before leaving the bathroom.
Later that evening, Andrew reports that Hannah
Grace has been declared dead for three months.
With all the strange things happening tonight,
Megan gets nervous at this discovery.
She searches the web for Hannah, seeing a
news report claiming she died after an exorcism.
Her family and the church believed that a
demon possessed her.
Megan rechecks the body and notices that the
gash on Hannah's side is gone.
Hoping to find answers, Megan checks the security
footage from earlier this evening, where she
sees a distorted figure appearing in the hallway.
She goes for her pills but stops herself from
taking them.
Instead, Megan asks Lisa for help.
She shows her the figure on the footage and
explains the hooded man's claims about Hannah.
But Lisa spots her pills and accuses her of
relapsing.
Lisa believes that Megan sees things due to
her brain wanting her to retake the pills.
She scolds her for believing in the illusion
but affirms Megan that she trusts her enough
to leave the bottle of pills with her.
Lisa leaves, taking the stairway to have a
smoke.
While she's alone, blood drops on her hands.
Looking up, she spots Dave from the upper
stairs and heads up, worried that he's hurt.
She finds the lifeless Dave standing in a
corner then runs when Hannah's corpse scrambles
towards her.
Lisa reaches the hospital's rooftop, searching
for the strange figure.
The lights flash, revealing Hannah standing
on the other side.
Lisa is lifted into the air as Hannah approaches
her.
Her limbs distort in awkward angles until
she drops dead.
Back in the morgue, Megan receives an alert
that Randy has brought in a new body.
She refuses to help him this time, given that
the hooded man slipped in earlier when she
did.
Megan shows Randy the corpse again, pointing
out that the gash on her side is gone and
that her arm is no longer bent.
Megan shares her theory that Hannah is healing
herself, given that she was supposed to have
died three months ago after an exorcism and
that the hooded man claimed that she's not
really dead.
Noting her skills, Randy wonders why she's
even working the night shift at a morgue but
drops the question upon seeing her reaction.
Instead, he shares how he used to have a drinking
problem until his son was born, giving him
a reason to straighten out his life.
Unbeknownst to them, Hannah's wounds continue
to heal behind them.
Inspired by Randy's honesty, Megan calls Andrew
after Randy leaves.
While she confesses that she did keep his
bottle of Xanax, the elevator opens behind
Megan, and Hannah crawls inside, her body
continuing to heal.
Back at the intake bay, Randy places back
the gurney inside the ambulance when he hears
the alarm on his driver's seat door.
He finds the door open and checks inside but
sees nothing wrong.
He gets in, checking behind to make sure that
there's nobody in the vehicle.
Once convinced, he starts the ambulance but
runs over something while driving out of the
garage.
He looks under the car, seeing nothing under.
His phone rings, but when he answers it, the
connection breaks.
The lights begin to flicker, and Randy looks
around, hearing movement.
Having noticed the elevator door close behind
her, Megan checks the security footage to
find that Hannah's body has crawled inside
the elevator.
In the parking area, Hannah's broken corpse
chases after Randy, trapping him between two
ambulances.
Hannah crawls over him and breaks his neck.
Megan reaches the parking area, desperately
searching for Randy.
But she's too late; she finds him lifeless
in front of an ambulance.
Andrew calls to warn Megan that the hooded
man escaped.
The hooded man ambushes Megan from behind,
holding her at gunpoint as she takes him to
the morgue to show Hannah's body.
After everything she'd seen, Megan assures
him that she believes him now.
Trusting her, the hooded man reveals that
he's Hannah's father, Grainger, and he cannot
allow the evil thing inside his daughter's
body to win.
Grainger recounts how Hannah struggled with
depression until the demon was able to get
inside.
That's when Hannah's color changed from brown
to blue.
Even after Hannah died in the exorcism, her
body disappeared, leaving the people in the
mortuary dead in her wake.
He wonders why Hannah hasn't killed Megan
yet.
Megan prepares the incinerator, convinced
that it's the only way to end it.
But Hannah wakes up, touching Megan fondly
before grabbing her neck.
Grainger breaks Hannah's wrist and throws
Megan out of the way before getting pushed
into the incinerator, burning alive.
With the father gone, Hannah turns to Megan,
who struggles to escape.
She tries to open the doors, but her entry
pass won't work.
Megan runs to the elevators, which closes
just before Hannah gets in.
Taking a moment to breathe, Megan jumps when
Hannah appears behind her just as the elevator
doors open to the mezzanine.
Megan struggles to walk, with Hannah still
on her trail.
Meanwhile, Andrew finds Megan's phone in the
parking lot near Randy's body.
He radios for back-up but gets distracted
when the doors to the intake bay open and
close.
At the mezzanine, Megan struggles to move,
allowing Hannah to crawl up to her and put
her to sleep.
Downstairs, Andrew heads to the morgue, searching
for Megan.
Hannah hears him and drags Megan away.
Andrew searches in the dark with only his
flashlight to illuminate his way.
He looks around, not knowing that Megan is
inside the refrigerated drawers where Lisa's
and Dave's bodies are as well.
Outside, Andrew finds Ernie, who's searching
for Dave.
The two rush back to the morgue upon hearing
one of the doors snap open.
Megan has escaped from the drawers, warning
them to flee.
A screeching noise blares in their ears, and
Ernie spots Hannah in a corner.
The three run for the elevators, but Hannah
catches Ernie and slits his throat, healing
her own wound.
She telepathically lifts Andrew in midair,
stretching his limbs.
Seeing herself back in the same situation,
Megan refuses to freeze in fear.
She stares down at Hannah, who is confused
at her sudden bravado.
Hannah backs away as Megan grabs Andrew's
gun and shoots the creature repeatedly until
she collapses.
The lights explode, and Andrew falls to the
floor, hurt but alive.
After putting Andrew in the elevator, Megan
checks back on Hannah, seeing that she's still
on the floor.
Knowing that it's not over yet, Megan tells
Andrew to call for help as the elevator door
closes.
No longer afraid, Megan drags Hannah's body
into the incinerator.
With Hannah halfway inside, she grabs Megan,
pulling her inside with her.
Hannah screams in pain as Megan wrestles her
off, closing the doors to finally end the
nightmare.
Tired, Megan stays in the morgue, throwing
her rubber ball against the wall as the police
finally arrive.
Weeks later, Megan celebrates being sixty-two
days clean.
As her body heals, she jogs faster and feels
stronger.
She looks at herself in the mirror, spotting
a fly landing on it.
She swats the fly with her bare hands, knowing
that nothing can stop her now.